The next step on your application is to create the two factor authentication endpoint.
So it's the endpoint that we are going to call to validate or two factor authentication.
Okay.
So starting this year, I'll just copy paste and go to the values really quick.
So what I'm creating is post mapping to factor two, factor response to factor request, and my request
is ID secret and code.
This is now.
It's what we ate.
Uh, what we.
A bit.
What we had changed on the logging in point.
So in logging point to the return ID secret and the URL we that URL we will get going to get a code.
So I'm here, I'm taking the code the same secret and the same ID to do the validation.
And I'm returning the token after I successfully authenticate.
So this method is not yet created.
I will create I will say that these returns log in and then I will implement the logic.
The first thing that I am going to do is to find user by idea here.
So he's a rebel.
Fine by d i d.
I'm missing the equals sign here.
Or else.
Through.
If all these credentials.
Okay.
So I'm going to throw in credentials if this doesn't exist.
The second thing that I'm going to do here.
Is to actually check and, uh, and validate the secrets.
So I'm going to do, uh, create a new variable DFA secret.
So two factor authentication secret and this variable.
I will.
It will be.
Uh.
So if.
If user dots get the FAA to secret is not empty.
So if this is not true.
Then in this valley it will be user that get a secret.
But if it is empty, I will take the secret from the request.
Okay.
And the next step.
It would be to validate this secret.
To validate this secret, we are going to create a new bin.
So in this case, I will.
I will also first, I would like to change my my dependencies.
So I need a new dependency here to be left or right.
Some Stephens.
And he will also wish because I no longer need this dependency.
We can always optimize a bit.
So this library also contains something that will replace what we were doing before.
So we can reload this and then we will fix our issues.
Back to the config.
I will create a been here to be a public beam of type code verifier.
And I will return a new default called Verifier.
And this takes as argument.
First, I will create a new default code generator and.
And you system time provider.
Okay this is my my being that I was going to provide my login now is broken and this is broken because
I remove the liability that I was using.
So here I will use a default default secret generator.
And you default secret generator actually.
And I will just call metal generate soil generate the secret like this.
I have some cleanup to do on my imports, and after this, everything should be fine.
So on my authorization service, I need to inject the bean I just created, so.
Private photo.
I forgot I called the bin quote verifier.
Got very fire.
So now that I added this code it here, I can use it here.
How do if.
God verify it.
He's valid.
Could you pass the secret?
So my secret and my code.
And if this is valid, actually, I'll do the opposite.
Not valid.
So if this is not valid, I will throw again invalid.
New invalid credentials error.
If it is not.
Is not valid.
I'm not authenticated.
And then the last step, if not less.
But almost.
If this DFA secret.
If user.
If this is true.
If these objects.
Objects.
If this is true, I want to update this and I want to do user set DFA secrets with the secret I received
in request and I want to do user repo, not safe user.
Okay.
After this.
What I'm going to do is the same thing that I did that I do in logging.
This is my two factor logging.
So I will do exactly the same thing as I do in logging.
And everything should be fine.
We can always optimize a bit and we should always correct or code when we see that we have the wrong
things.
So in the case of the log in, I still have one issue here.
Let me try to find it out.
Yes.
I didn't add this to the constructor.
So now it's here, we can always optimize.
So in logging method we, we should, uh, we should return a new values when, uh, when to do two
factor was already done.
So.
In fact here we impacted in.
So in logging these and these should not be present if the indication two factor authentication was
already done.
So to do that, first, I'm going to change this.
I'm going to have a different implementation here.
So string OTP secret equals no string OTP URL equals no.
And I will have the boolean variable here.
Boolean.
Generate secret.
Generate ATP and here if generate ATP, I will do ATP secret's equals.
This.
You know to keep secret and OTP URL equals get OTP or what I all for this OTP secret so I can then delete
this.
And they can change this OTP secret here to OTP zero.
I will change these to OTP URL and I will copy this to here as well.
Like this.
So my first issue is that I forgot this here.
Second issue is that I'm using these methods in three places and I don't have the boolean best.
So here what am I going to do in the in the log in is objects equals user dot get DFA secret empty.
And here is the same.
So here, refresh Texas.
If we are refreshing Texas, we, uh.
We are not doing this shake here.
So in this case, I would just say false.
We're not using the output anywhere.
And in the other case, we are also, uh, doing this because we already tackled this here.
So this is after we log in.
So in this case, it will be oops.
It will be also false.
So all change is done.
We are going to run the application just to see if we missed something and or two factor.
Application configuration is now complete.